// Compost colors for exoticbirds. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
acacia_birdcage, #ffffff
ambrosia, #c3755e
bamboo_birdcage, #f5de82
birch_birdcage, #ffffff
bird_book, #6bb5c3
bluejay_egg, #ffffff
booby_egg, #ffffff
budgerigar_egg, #6e6e6e
cardinal_egg, #ffffff
cassowary_egg, #c0f2af
cherry_birdcage, #ddc9c9
cloud_phoenix_egg, #c6ffff
cockatoo_egg, #ffffff
cooked_birdmeat, #ffd9af
crane_egg, #ffffff
crimson_birdcage, #b49aa1
dark_oak_birdcage, #ffffff
desert_phoenix_egg, #ffffcd
duck_egg, #ffffff
eggshell, #ffffff
ender_phoenix_egg, #ffd0ff
fire_phoenix_egg, #ffc04d
flamingo_egg, #ffffff
gold_birdcage, #ffffe6
gouldianfinch_egg, #ffffff
gull_egg, #ffffff
heron_egg, #ffffff
hummingbird_egg, #ffffff
hummingbird_feeder, #ca4d57
iron_birdcage, #ffffff
jungle_birdcage, #ffffff
kingfisher_egg, #ffffff
kiwi_egg, #ffffff
kookaburra_egg, #ffffff
lyrebird_egg, #8a8087
macaw_egg, #ffffff
magpie_egg, #ffffff
mangrove_birdcage, #bfa498
mystery_egg, #807d80
nest, #fceedc
nether_phoenix_egg, #ff4100
oak_birdcage, #ffffff
ostrich_egg, #ffffff
owl_egg, #e3e1cd
peafowl_egg, #ffffff
pelican_egg, #ffffff
penguin_egg, #ffffff
phoenix_egg, #ffd350
pigeon_backpack, #5a3219
pigeon_egg, #ffffff
raw_birdmeat, #ffffff
roadrunner_egg, #b5cadd
robin_egg, #ffffff
skeleton_phoenix_egg, #fff8ff
snowy_phoenix_egg, #ffffff
spruce_birdcage, #ffffff
swan_egg, #ffffff
toucan_egg, #ffffff
twilight_phoenix_egg, #8a7c5b
warped_birdcage, #97afab
water_phoenix_egg, #98bfff
woodpecker_egg, #736158
