// Compost colors for knavesneeds. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
deeperdarker/warden/chakram, #6e9aa0
deeperdarker/warden/claymore, #f5761
deeperdarker/warden/cutlass, #466661
deeperdarker/warden/glaive, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/greataxe, #fffac2
deeperdarker/warden/halberd, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/katana, #125e66
deeperdarker/warden/longsword, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/rapier, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/sai, #2f4d51
deeperdarker/warden/scythe, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/spear, #ffffca
deeperdarker/warden/twinblade, #ffffff
deeperdarker/warden/warglaive, #ffffff
twilight_forest/fiery/chakram, #ffc86b
twilight_forest/fiery/claymore, #ffc254
twilight_forest/fiery/cutlass, #ffc85b
twilight_forest/fiery/glaive, #ffea70
twilight_forest/fiery/greataxe, #ffd066
twilight_forest/fiery/halberd, #ffe366
twilight_forest/fiery/katana, #ffc95e
twilight_forest/fiery/longsword, #ffc355
twilight_forest/fiery/rapier, #ffee62
twilight_forest/fiery/sai, #fffb83
twilight_forest/fiery/scythe, #fff066
twilight_forest/fiery/spear, #fff070
twilight_forest/fiery/twinblade, #ffc555
twilight_forest/fiery/warglaive, #f8b15e
twilight_forest/ironwood/chakram, #84866c
twilight_forest/ironwood/claymore, #8a9455
twilight_forest/ironwood/cutlass, #706b4e
twilight_forest/ironwood/glaive, #726b3d
twilight_forest/ironwood/greataxe, #807250
twilight_forest/ironwood/halberd, #736c40
twilight_forest/ironwood/katana, #7c8251
twilight_forest/ironwood/longsword, #838d51
twilight_forest/ironwood/rapier, #787352
twilight_forest/ironwood/sai, #726e4d
twilight_forest/ironwood/scythe, #7f7848
twilight_forest/ironwood/spear, #6e5f39
twilight_forest/ironwood/twinblade, #767051
twilight_forest/ironwood/warglaive, #827964
twilight_forest/knightmetal/chakram, #b9ccae
twilight_forest/knightmetal/claymore, #c2d4b4
twilight_forest/knightmetal/cutlass, #b9ccac
twilight_forest/knightmetal/glaive, #b4caab
twilight_forest/knightmetal/greataxe, #c5e0be
twilight_forest/knightmetal/halberd, #abc2a2
twilight_forest/knightmetal/katana, #cde1be
twilight_forest/knightmetal/longsword, #acbfa1
twilight_forest/knightmetal/rapier, #a7b99e
twilight_forest/knightmetal/sai, #b2c8aa
twilight_forest/knightmetal/scythe, #b6cdac
twilight_forest/knightmetal/spear, #a4bb9e
twilight_forest/knightmetal/twinblade, #b5caab
twilight_forest/knightmetal/warglaive, #d4eac3
twilight_forest/steeleaf/chakram, #79b566
twilight_forest/steeleaf/claymore, #446b32
twilight_forest/steeleaf/cutlass, #577d40
twilight_forest/steeleaf/glaive, #57682d
twilight_forest/steeleaf/greataxe, #6e8a46
twilight_forest/steeleaf/halberd, #4e5f28
twilight_forest/steeleaf/katana, #4d7034
twilight_forest/steeleaf/longsword, #3e612c
twilight_forest/steeleaf/rapier, #476234
twilight_forest/steeleaf/sai, #3d5528
twilight_forest/steeleaf/scythe, #5f7f3c
twilight_forest/steeleaf/spear, #525f29
twilight_forest/steeleaf/twinblade, #3c5b29
twilight_forest/steeleaf/warglaive, #629051
