// Compost colors for tinkers_advanced. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
activated_chromatic_steel, #f7e4e1
antimony_ingot, #c8cdc5
antimony_nugget, #fafffb
basalz_signalum, #ffbcab
bismuth_ingot, #faedf2
bismuth_nugget, #f7eaed
bismuthinite, #7a7a7a
blaze_netherite, #ffc95e
blitz_lumium, #ffffff
blitz_lumium_nugget, #ffffff
blizz_enderium, #ddffff
densium_ingot, #930fd9
disintegrate_crystal, #ffd497
hot_reinforced_steel, #ff9773
iridium_chunk, #ffffff
irradium_ingot, #eaffff
neutronite_ingot, #9469cf
nutrition_slime_ingot, #ffebff
osgloglas_ingot, #96ffaf
penumatic_reinforced_steel, #787891
protocite_pellet, #ffffc0
resonance_crystal, #9bffe6
stibnite, #c0cfb2
ultra_dense_book, #8218c2
voltaic_crystal, #c6caff
